History Group bid 3 million have a higher price?
3 million time
3 million twice
3 million three times
Congratulations on the deal, Mr. Li
Honey, do you really believe him?
This rough stone should be able to make jade
I pour out the three words Qi Guangjin, newcomer
Then you wait.
Name upside down
Don't be too arrogant young people
I'm sure this rough stone is absolute scrap.
Song Yang Wang Lao is a leading jade expert
Is it possible that no child knows much?
Even if you want to curry favor and leave, there is no one like you.
How big is your face now?
I'll lose face later
Boy, if you're so sure
This stone can produce good material
Then do you dare to gamble with this young master?
What do you want to bet on?
If jade comes out of this stone
I'll give you 10 million
If it can't be opened
You kneel in front of me and call me grandpa three times
Then get out of Jiangzhou
My dad won't lose to you, a big bad guy
Little brat, your father never taught you to speak as an adult
Don't you interrupt, kid?
Laser sword you say me
Dare to say a little fish again
I'll keep you from getting out of here intact